.TH man 5 "20 Jan 2018" "1.0" "git-lfs-server.conf man page"
.SH NAME
git-lfs-server.conf \- GIT LFS server configuration file

.SH DESCRIPTION
git-lfs-server.conf is the main configuration file for git-lfs-server.
It defines the global configuration values of the server as well as the
configuration to one or more GIT LFS repositories hosted on the same
server.

.SH FORMAT
The format of the configuration file is a list of key value pairs.
In addition, one or more repository blocks should be defined for
each repository.

The default configuation file is located at
.IR /etc/git-lfs-server/git-lfs-server.conf

An example configuration may look like this:

.PP
.nf
.RS
base_url "http://example.com"
chroot_path "/var/lib/git-lfs-server"
repo "My Git Repo"
{
	uri "/myrepo/info/lfs"
	root "/var/lib/git-lfs-server/myrepo"
}
.RE
.fi
.PP

Continue reading the following sections for the meanings behind the settings.

.SH GLOBAL SETTINGS
These are settings that can be set globally in the configuration files.

.IP "base_url URL"
Mandatory. This should be set to the base URL of your webserver.  i.e. "https://git.mydomain.com"
This will be the URL used for generating download and upload links for the Git LFS client to upload and download objects.

.IP "chroot_path PATH"
Optional chroot path. All repository objects will only be written to subdirectories in this folder.

.IP "user USER"
System username to run the server. Default is: "git-lfs". Once the server startup is complete, it will attempt
to drop its privilege to this user.

.IP "group GROUP"
System group to run the server. Default is: "git-lfs".

.IP "num_threads NUM"
The number of worker threads to use. Increase to allow more concurrent connections.

.IP "fastcgi_server [yes|no]"
By default, the server is configured to run in FastCGI mode. Optionally set this to no to run with
the built-in webserver. You must also specify the port number if running as standaline server.
Running as a standalone server is not recommended.

.IP "port NUMBER"
The port number to use to listen when not running in FastCGI mode.

.IP "fastcgi_socket PATH"
Path to the unix domain socket to use for FastCGI communication. 
This path must start with /var/lib/git-lfs-server/run. By default, this is set to 
.I /var/lib/git-lfs-server/run/git-lfs-socket.sock
It is not recommended to change this.

.IP "include PATH"
Includes the specified path as part of the configuration. Supposes wildcards *.

.SH REPOSITORY SETTINGS

In addition to the global settings, one may define one or more repositories. Each repository
is defined using the repo block. The repo block looks like:

.PP
.nf
.RS
repo "Name of Repo"
{
	uri "/repo/info/lfs"
	root "/var/lib/git-lfs-server/repo"
	# other settings ...
}
.RE
.fi
.PP

For each repository, the following settings may be set.

.IP "uri URI"
Mandatory. Defines the URI for this repository. This is combined with the base_url to make a fullpath.
For example, if the repository defines:

	uri "/var/gitrepos/myrepo.git/info/lfs"

and in the global settings base_url is defined as:

	base_url "https://www.example.com"

then it will match the URL: "https://www.example.com/var/gitrepos/myrepo.git/info/lfs"

.IP "root PATH"
Mandatory. Defines a path in your filesystem to where to store the LFS objects for this repository.
Initially, this should point to an empty directory on your filesystem. The directory
should also have write access to the "git-lfs" user, or whichever user was defined in the
global configuration. IMPORTANT: if the chroot_path was defined in the global configuration,
then this directory must also start with the chroot_path.

.IP "enable_authentication [yes|no]"
This option is only necessary to enable built-in authentication when running as a standalone
server. When running as a FastCGI binary, it's better to let your webserver handle the 
authentication.

.IP "verify_upload [yes|no]"
Whether uploaded files are verified by comparing the SHA256 with the file contents before saving it.
Default is true.

.IP "auth_realm NAME"
Authentication realm name. Optional.

.IP "auth_file PATH"
Only used when enable_authentication is set to yes. Path to a passwd file which contains
credentials for users to access this repository. The passwd	file is created using the htpasswd
utility from Apache and only supports bcrypt passwords storage only.

.SH SEE ALSO
git-lfs-server.conf(5)

.SH AUTHOR
Sound <sound@sagaforce.com>
