.TH man 8 "20 Jan 2018" "1.0" "git-lfs-server man page"
.SH NAME
git-lfs-server \- GIT LFS FastCGI Server

.SH SYNOPSIS
git-lfs-server [--config=FILE]

.SH DESCRIPTION
git-lfs-server is a FastCGI binary which implements the GIT LFS protocol.

git-lfs-server is best used when hosting GIT repo over HTTPS with an existing
webserver. This allows a webserver to manage both the GIT repo and LFS server
under one URL and allows for clients to seamlessly integrate with LFS support.
git-lfs-server can run standalone, but the support is not as good.

A configuration file must be created and configured before use. By default,
the server will serve nothing. See 
.IR conf/git-lfs-server.conf
in the source as a starting point for setting up the configuration file.
This file should be created and saved to
.IR /etc/git-lfs-server/git-lfs-server.conf
See
.BR git-lfs-server.conf (5)
for futher details.

git-lfs-server should be initially run as the root user, but edit the configuration
file to set an unprivileged user and chroot path. The server will drop its root unprivilege
and optionally chroot to a path after it has fully started.

.SH OPTIONS
git-lfs-server only takes one option. If no options are passed it will attempt to
load the default configuration file.

.IP --config=file
Specifies the configuration file. The default is 
.IR /etc/git-lfs-server/git-lfs-server.conf.

.SH FILES
.I /etc/git-lfs-server/git-lfs-server.conf
.RS
The default configuration file used by git-lfs-server. This can be overridden by the
--config option.
See
.BR git-lfs-server.conf (5)
for futher details.
.RE
.I /var/lib/git-lfs-server/run/git-lfs-server.sock
.RS
The FastCGI socket used by git-lfs-server for communicating with the webserver.
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
git-lfs-server.conf(5)

.SH AUTHOR
Sound <sound@sagaforce.com>
